Look, I'm not paying 70 smidgen's for a broken defraculator.
That is multi-phase quantum resonator.
Well, does it defraculate?
Fuck no.
Then it's a broken defraculator.
Like you would even know dick about defraculation.
Your planet just got cell phones and the coverage still sucks.
Yeah, yeah, and your species eats sulfur.
So let's say 60 smidgen's.
I'll tell you what, I'll do you a favor.
I'll throw in a fart.
Hey, uh, Rick, um, you think maybe I could get something from this place?
Like a souvenir?
Like just to have?
Like something cool, you know?
Not here, Morty.
We'll stop somewhere else because, you know, there's always another pawn shop.
Oh, okay.
I just, um, you know, I thought that robot over there looked pretty cool, you know?
Oh, it looks cool, huh?
That's why you want it?
Yeah, you know, I mean, it's different from the stuff on Earth.
And you know, you take me to all these crazy places across the galaxy and, you know, I
don't really have anything to remember all those trips by.
It'd be kind of cool, like a souvenir.
You know, like what if you passed away or died or something?
I wouldn't even have anything to remember all the cool stuff we did, you know?
Okay, 60 for the resonator and my grandson wants the sex robot.
So, we're just going to pretend this isn't happening?
I'm not saying that's a bad idea, just asking.
Rick, why would you let Morty bring that thing into our house?
I don't know, what do you want from me?
You thought it looked cool.
You know what I mean?
Whew!
All right, back to, back to, back upstairs.
Well, I'm intervening.
Intervening with puberty?
He'll turn him into Ray Fiennes and Red Dragon.
He's at that age.
Let's just be proud of him.
Jesus, did I really set the bar that low?
Um, Rick, could you come with me please?
Quickly!
Okay, now if we hear squeaking, we intervene.
Where's the sex robot, Morty?
That is Gwendolyn!
I mean, the robot.
She started beeping and then transformed and tried to fly away.
Strange.
That's usually the man's job.
You know what I'm talking about, Morty?
Wubblubba dub dub!
Morty, that's my catchphrase.
Remember?
Remember how I cemented that catchphrase?
All right, seriously though.
Let me grab that.
Okay, I'm going to do it.
Okay, here.
You know what I mean?
I'm going to do it.
Okay, here.
All right, seriously though.
Let me grab this thing.
Come on.
Okay, unacceptable.
What is going on?
All right, uh-oh.
Uh-oh?
What is that?
I think Morty's robot was designed for more than long weekends.
Genetic compiler, incubation chamber.
Yep, this here's some kind of baby maker.
And that there's half Morty half...
Who knows what?
It's my bad guys.
I'll take care of it.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
What do you think you're doing?
Hey listen, you guys quarantined the house when summer brought olives back from Mexico.
I mean, this thing could grow to the size of Delaware.
I mean, it might eat brains and...